update readme and begin image restructuring (#123)
actualbudget/docs: README.md

Each "chapter" can then be split into sub sections using three gate headings.

### When Using Images

> Screenshots taken on a retina screen should be titled as such: image-name@2x.png
> This allows Docusaurus to rescale the images where appropriate. 

When using images, ensure that the image is large and clear, if the image contains multiple items and buttons, highlight the area you are talking about (as shown below) or create arrows on the image to point to the part you are discussing. Where possible images should be saved as `PNG` format.

> The clearest way to highlight areas on a screenshot is the 'transparency' box.   

Reviewer: This is only available on mac - This should read "The clearest way to highlight areas on a screenshot is a 'transparency' box."

> On Mac:   

Reviewer: Can we remove this please, else we will need to add in documentation for all platforms. Maybe generalise it a bit more across platforms.

- open the screenshot in preview
- click the annotate icon
- from the 'shape' selector, select the 'transparency' tool

> ![](/static/img/repo/highlighting.png)

Reviewer 2: Files intended to be viewed on GitHub should use relative paths:

```suggestion
![](./static/img/repo/highlighting.png)
```

Reviewer: If we are using images in the readme can these come out of the /docs/ folder altogether please if possible.

If this doesn't suffice (perhaps the area is too small for the box to be noticable), use an arrow or a colored box. 

> For consistencies sake, use a shade between *orange and yellow*. Other colors either do not work well with the purple colours of Actual (eg blue or green) and red is danger or in our case, a negative balance, double danger!

Reviewer 2: Do you want to pick a color here and write down the hex code so we can stay fully consistent?

Also a small nit:
```suggestion
For consistency’s sake, use a shade between *orange and yellow*. Other colors either do not work well with the purple colours of Actual (eg blue or green) and red is danger or in our case, a negative balance, double danger!
```

Author: Will do 👍 
Although most programs will just have a color pallet to pick from and won't necessarily take hex/rgb code input. 
Will try find the best way for this.

Author: and @j-f1, regarding the nit: I should've been clearer. Consistency is the name of the devil who peeks over my shoulder every time I make an incongruous colour choice. So for his/her sake, it would be good to do it... jks. Thanks for pointing it out haha.
